Consume conjur base image for fpm dockerfile (#44)
conjurinc/debify: CHANGELOG.md

# 1.11.5

> * Changed Conjur Dockerfile consume conjur-base-image contains Ruby compiled OpenSSL FIPS Compliance

Reviewer: Just realizing we're not following the [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) convention.  What do you think about updating the changelog entry to something like:
```suggestion
### Changed
* Updated FPM and Test images to use a base image with FIPS-compliant Ruby and OpenSSL.
```
